Ingredients:

Crust:
 - 1 3/4 cups (230g) of Graham cracker crumbs
 - 2 Tbsp sugar
 - Pinch salt
 - 4 Tbsp plus 1 teaspoon (60g) unsalted butter, melted

 Filling:
 - 2 pounds cream cheese (900 g), room temperature
 - 1 1/3 cup granulated sugar (270 g)
 - Pinch of salt
 - 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
 - 4 large eggs
 - 2/3 cup sour cream (160 ml)
 - 2/3 cup heavy whipping cream (160 ml)

 Toppings:
 - 2 cups sour cream (475 ml)
 - 1/3 cup powdered sugar (35 g)
 - 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
 - 12 ounces (340 g) fresh raspberries
 - 1/2 cup granulated sugar (100 g)
 - 1/2 cup water (120 ml)
Directions:
1. Prepare the springform pan so that no water leaks into it while cooking.
Place a large 18-inch by 18-inch square of heavy duty aluminum foil on a flat 
surface. Place the springform pan in the middle of the foil. Gently fold up the 
sides of the foil around the pan. Make sure to do this gently so that you don't 
create any holes in the foil.If there are any holes, water will get into the pan 
and ruin the crust.place springform pan on foil wrap first layer of foil around pan
wrap second layer of foil around pan finish wrapping foil. Press the foil around the 
edges of the pan. Place a second large square of foil underneath the pan, and repeat, 
gently folding up the sides of the foil around the pan and pressing the foil against 
the pan. To be triply safe, repeat with a third layer of heavy duty foil. Gently crimp 
the top of the foil sheets around the top edge of the pan.

2. Preheat oven to 350°F, with rack in lower third of oven. Pulse the graham crackers in a 
food processor or blender until finely ground. Put in a large bowl, and stir in the sugar 
and salt. Use your (clean) hands to stir in the melted butter. Use your hands to press down 
graham cracker crumbs form even layer of graham cracker crumbs.

3. Put the graham cracker crumbs in the bottom of the springform pan.
Gently press down on the crumbs using your fingers, until the crumbs 
are a nice even layer at the bottom of the pan, with maybe just a slight 
rise along the inside edges of the pan. Be careful as you do this, as not 
to tear the aluminum foil. Place in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the 
oven and let cool. Reduce the oven temperature to 325°F.
 
4. Cut the cream cheese into chunks and place in the bowl of an electric mixer, 
with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed for 4 minutes until smooth, soft and creamy. 
Add the sugar, beat for 4 minutes more. Place cream cheese in mixer beat until smooth.
Add the salt and vanilla, beating after each addition. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating for 
one minute after each addition. Add the sour cream, beat until incorporated. Add the heavy cream, 
beat until incorporated. Remember to scrape down the sides of the mixer bowl, and scrape up any 
thicker bits of cream cheese that have stuck to the bottom of the mixer that paddle attachment has 
failed to incorporate.
 
5. Place the foil-wrapped springform pan in a large, high-sided roasting pan. Prepare 2 quarts of 
boiling water. Pour the cream cheese filling into the springform pan, over the graham cracker bottom 
layer. Smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Place pan in high sided roasting pan pour cheesecake filling
into pan Place the roasting pan with the springform pan in it, in the oven, on the lower rack. Carefully 
pour the hot water into the roasting pan (without touching the hot oven), to create a water bath for the 
cheesecake, pouring until the water reaches halfway up the side of the springform pan, about 1 1/4 inches. (
Alternatively you can add the water before putting the pan in the oven, whichever is easier for you.) Cook 
at 325°F for 1 1/2 hours. Place pan on roasting rack in oven pour hot water into roasting pan to create a
water bath for the cheesecake 

6. Turn off the heat of the oven. Crack open the oven door 1-inch, and let the cake cool in the oven, as the 
oven cools, for another hour. This gentle cooling will help prevent the cheesecake surface from cracking.

7. Cover the top of the cheesecake with foil, so that it doesn't actually touch the cheesecake. Chill in the refrigerator for a minimum of 4 hours, or overnight.
 
8. Place sour cream in a medium sized bowl, stir in the powdered sugar and vanilla, until smooth. Chill 
until you are ready to serve the cake. Note that this recipe produces enough sour cream topping for a thick
topping and some extra to spoon over individual pieces of cheesecake, if desired. If you would like a 
thinner layer of topping and no extra, reduce the sour cream topping ingredients in half.
 
9. Place raspberries, sugar, and water in a small saucepan. Use a potato masher to mash the raspberries.
Heat on medium, whisking, about 5 minutes, until the sauce begins to thicken. Remove from heat. Let cool.
crush raspberries and sugar in small saucepan heat and whisk raspberries
 
10. Remove the cake from the refrigerator. Remove the foil from the sides of the pan, and place the cake on
your cake serving dish. Run the side of a blunt knife between the edge of the cake and the pan. Dorie 
recommends, and we've done with success, that you use a hair dryer to heat the sides of the pan to make it 
easier to remove. Open the springform latch and gently open the pan and lift up the sides.
run blunt knife around edge of pan to separate cheesecake from pan remove springform pan from cheesecake
Spread the top with the sour cream mixture. Serve plain or drizzle individual slices with raspberry sauce.
spread top of cheesecake with sour cream cheesecake is ready to serve


